c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\ConsAssig4.exe.config
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\ConsAssig4.exe
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\ConsAssig4.pdb
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.Form1.resources
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.exe
c:\users\sezeryildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.pdb
C:\Users\SezerYildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\SezerYildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\SezerYildirim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\ConsAssig4.exe.config
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\ConsAssig4.exe
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\bin\Debug\ConsAssig4.pdb
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.Form1.resources
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.exe
C:\Users\SezerYıldırım\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConsAssig4\ConsAssig4\obj\Debug\ConsAssig4.pdb
